fanuc america authorized integrator
clear automation specializes in flexed
and fixed automation equipment from
single work cells to complete production
lines for assembly inspection labeling
laser marking dispensing and packaging
this video highlights a compact carton
labeling system from clear automation
the system features the fast and
efficient
Vanek LR made series robot for carton
handling the fanuc LR made robot picks
cartons from an infeed conveyor four at
a time the robot reorients the cartons
and places them onto an indexing
conveyor the LR mate robot from fanuc is
a perfect solution for labeling
applications and systems that require a
light compact robot this trusted robot
also comes in multiple variants
including standard long and short arm
models labels are applied to the top and
end of the cartons by two
herma labeling heads
both labels are inspected read and
verified for correct alignment and
product
the end label is wrapped around the side
to seal the flap
inspection are sent to a reject thing
while good parts pass out of the system
to learn more about the labeling
automation experts at clear automation
and their full range of products please
visit fanuc clear automation calm